####### List of user name aliases #######
#git_repository_name;user_name;user_alias_name
v8/v8;Jacob.Bramley@arm.com;jacob.bramley@arm.com
torvalds/linux;Thomas Langer;Thomas Lange
torvalds/linux;Sangsu Park;SangSu Park
torvalds/linux;Ethan Zhao;ethan.zhao
torvalds/linux;James M Leddy;James M. Leddy
torvalds/linux;Daniel Thompson;Daniel THOMPSON
torvalds/linux;H. J. Lu;H.J. Lu
torvalds/linux;Haavard Skinnemoen;Havard Skinnemoen
torvalds/linux;Haavard Skinnemoen;Havard Skinnemoen
torvalds/linux;Thomas Huehn;Thomas Hoehn
torvalds/linux;Graf Yang;Graff Yang
torvalds/linux;jack wang;Jack Wang
torvalds/linux;stephen hemminger;Stephen Hemminger
torvalds/linux;stephen hemminger;Stephen Hemminger
torvalds/linux;stephen hemminger;Stephen Hemminger
torvalds/linux;stephen hemminger;Stephen Hemminger
torvalds/linux;stephen hemminger;Stephen Hemminger
torvalds/linux;hao liu;Hao Liu
torvalds/linux;Jˆrg Schummer;Jorg Schummer
torvalds/linux;fran√ßois romieu;Francois Romieu
torvalds/linux;fran√ßois romieu;Fran√ßois Romieu
torvalds/linux;Noone Important;NooneImportant
torvalds/linux;Aleksej Makarov;Aleksey Makarov
torvalds/linux;Zhang, Yanmin;Zhang Yanmin
torvalds/linux;Roel Kluin;roel kluin
torvalds/linux;bibo, mao;bibo mao
torvalds/linux;Jonthan Brassow;Jonathan Brassow
torvalds/linux;Deepak K;Deepak S
torvalds/linux;Per Dalen;Per Dal√©n
torvalds/linux;Himanshu Madhani;Himanshu Madani
torvalds/linux;Manish Chopra;Manish chopra
torvalds/linux;ChenLi Tien;Chen-Li Tien
torvalds/linux;Maxin B John;Maxin B. John
torvalds/linux;Dave Wysochanski;dave wysochanski
torvalds/linux;wanzongshun;Wan ZongShun
torvalds/linux;Jisheng Zhang;JiSheng Zhang
torvalds/linux;Jisheng Zhang;JiSheng Zhang
torvalds/linux;Nicolas Thery;Nicolas THERY
torvalds/linux;Hongbo Zhang;hongbo.zhang
torvalds/linux;St√©phane Voltz;Stephane VOLTZ
torvalds/linux;Maxin B. John;Maxin B John
torvalds/linux;Stefan S√∏rensen;Stefan Sorensen
torvalds/linux;Ravishankar karkala Mallikarjunayya;Ravishankar Karkala Mallikarjunayya
torvalds/linux;Jason J. herne;Jason J. Herne
torvalds/linux;Vijaya Mohan Guvva;Vijay Mohan Guvva
torvalds/linux;Eric B√©nard;Eric BENARD
torvalds/linux;Eric B√©nard;Eric Benard
torvalds/linux;Mark Gross;mark gross
torvalds/linux;vimal singh;Vimal Singh
torvalds/linux;figo.zhang;Figo.zhang
torvalds/linux;Du, Changbin;Du, ChangbinX
torvalds/linux;Willson Callan;Wilson Callan
torvalds/linux;Yang Wei;Yang, Wei
torvalds/linux;Stephen Hemminger;stephen hemminger
torvalds/linux;Stephen Hemminger;stephen hemminger
torvalds/linux;Cl√©ment Calmels;Clement Calmels
torvalds/linux;Liu ShuoX;Liu Shuo
torvalds/linux;Liu ShuoX;Liu Shuo
torvalds/linux;Haibo Liu;HaiboLiu
torvalds/linux;Prasanna S Panchamukhi;Prasanna S. Panchamukhi
torvalds/linux;Carmelo AMOROSO;Carmelo Amoroso
torvalds/linux;Steven Hardy;Steve Hardy
torvalds/linux;Edgar E. Iglesias;Edgar E Iglesias
torvalds/linux;Gabriel Fernandez;Gabriel FERNANDEZ
torvalds/linux;Ga√´tan Carlier;Gaetan Carlier
torvalds/linux;Wu Fei;Wufei
torvalds/linux;R√©mi Denis-Courmont;RÈmi Denis-Courmont
torvalds/linux;Yang, Sheng;Yang Sheng
torvalds/linux;Denys Vlasenko;Denis Vlasenko
torvalds/linux;Shahar Levi;Shahar Lev
torvalds/linux;Theodore Ts'o;Theodore Tso
torvalds/linux;Vincent Cuissard;Vincent CUISSARD
torvalds/linux;hongbo.zhang;Hongbo Zhang
torvalds/linux;JunweiZhang;Junwei Zhang
torvalds/linux;Thibaut Varene;Thibaut VARENE
torvalds/linux;Pawel MOLL;Pawel Moll
torvalds/linux;Pawel MOLL;Pawel Moll
torvalds/linux;Dmitry Monakhov;Dmitriy Monakhov
torvalds/linux;Yang Sheng;yangsheng
torvalds/linux;Yang Zhang;Yong Zhang
torvalds/linux;Yan Zheng;Yan, Zheng
torvalds/linux;Yan Zheng;Yan, Zheng
torvalds/linux;Lawrence Rust;lawrence rust
torvalds/linux;Youquan Song;Youquan,Song
torvalds/linux;Denis Vlasenko;Denys Vlasenko
torvalds/linux;Denis Vlasenko;Denys Vlasenko
torvalds/linux;Dmitry Tarnyagin;Dmitry.Tarnyagin
torvalds/linux;Philippe R√©tornaz;Philippe Retornaz
torvalds/linux;Jean-Christophe DUBOIS;Jean-Christophe Dubois
torvalds/linux;Ezequiel Garcia;Ezequiel Garc√≠a
torvalds/linux;Ezequiel Garcia;Ezequiel Garc√≠a
torvalds/linux;NeilBrown;Neil Brown
torvalds/linux;david decotigny;David Decotigny
torvalds/linux;Loic PALLARDY;Loic Pallardy
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biedermann;Eric W. Biederman
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biedermann;Eric W. Biederman
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biedermann;Eric W. Biederman
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biedermann;Eric W. Biederman
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biedermann;Eric W. Biederman
torvalds/linux;Hong Zhiguo;Hong zhi guo
torvalds/linux;Bob Picco;bob picco
torvalds/linux;dmitry pervushin;Dmitry Pervushin
torvalds/linux;EGRY Gabor;Egry Gabor
torvalds/linux;Pravin B Shelar;Pravin B. Shelar
torvalds/linux;John Stultz;john stultz
torvalds/linux;Julien Delacou;Julien DELACOU
torvalds/linux;stephane eranian;Stephane Eranian
torvalds/linux;stephane eranian;Stephane Eranian
torvalds/linux;Alexander Smirnov;Alexandr Smirnov
torvalds/linux;Zero.Lin;zero.lin
torvalds/linux;Huajun Li;huajun li
torvalds/linux;Srinivas Pandruvada;srinivas pandruvada
torvalds/linux;Pawel Moll;Pawel MOLL
torvalds/linux;Loic Pallardy;Loic PALLARDY
torvalds/linux;Denis Ciocca;Denis CIOCCA
torvalds/linux;Shyam Sunder;Shyam Sundar
torvalds/linux;Yoann DI-RUZZA;Yoann DI RUZZA
torvalds/linux;Xiangliang Yu;xiangliang yu
torvalds/linux;BoxiLiu;boxi liu
torvalds/linux;roel kluin;Roel Kluin
torvalds/linux;roel kluin;Roel Kluin
torvalds/linux;Matthieu Castet;Matthieu CASTET
torvalds/linux;Matthieu Castet;Matthieu CASTET
torvalds/linux;Dmitry Pervushin;dmitry pervushin
torvalds/linux;Dmitry Pervushin;dmitry pervushin
torvalds/linux;Adam Thomson;Adam Thompson
torvalds/linux;Jason J. Herne;Jason J. herne
torvalds/linux;Manjunath Goudar;Majunath Goudar
torvalds/linux;J.A. Magallon;J.A. Magall√≥n
torvalds/linux;jing xiang;Jing Xiang
torvalds/linux;Zhang Yanmin;Zhang, Yanmin
torvalds/linux;John S. Gruber;John S Gruber
torvalds/linux;Julien TINNES;Julien Tinnes
torvalds/linux;Julien TINNES;Julien Tinnes
torvalds/linux;Miguel Bot√≥n;Miguel Boton
torvalds/linux;Miguel Bot√≥n;Miguel Boton
torvalds/linux;Andrew de Quincey;Andrew de Quincy
torvalds/linux;Andreas Faerber;Andreas Ferber
torvalds/linux;steven finney;Steven Finney
torvalds/linux;Dmitriy Monakhov;Dmitry Monakhov
torvalds/linux;Andrew Vagin;Andrey Vagin
torvalds/linux;Cindy H. Kao;Cindy H Kao
torvalds/linux;Dmitry.Tarnyagin;Dmitry Tarnyagin
torvalds/linux;GeunSik Lim;Geunsik Lim
torvalds/linux;Edgar E Iglesias;Edgar E. Iglesias
torvalds/linux;Edgar E Iglesias;Edgar E. Iglesias
torvalds/linux;Niu Yawei;Niu YaWei
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biederman;Eric W. Biedermann
torvalds/linux;Eric W. Biederman;Eric W. Biderman
torvalds/linux;Daniel Marjamaki;Daniel Marjam√§ki
torvalds/linux;Kashyap, Desai;Kashyap Desai
torvalds/linux;Gautham R Shenoy;Gautham R. Shenoy
torvalds/linux;Stephane Eranian;stephane eranian
torvalds/linux;suzuki;Suzuki
torvalds/linux;David H√§rdeman;David Hardeman
torvalds/linux;Jean-Francois Dagenais;Jean-Fran√ßois Dagenais
torvalds/linux;Timo Teras;Timo Ter√§s
torvalds/linux;Timo Teras;Timo Ter‰s
torvalds/linux;baker.zhang;Baker Zhang
torvalds/linux;bgardner@wabtec.com;BGardner@Wabtec.com
torvalds/linux;Jassi Brar;jassi brar
torvalds/linux;Pavel Emelyanov;Pavel Emelianov
torvalds/linux;Aubrey Li;Aubrey.Li
torvalds/linux;jon ernst;Jon Ernst
torvalds/linux;Yusuke Goda;Yusuke.Goda
torvalds/linux;David Decotigny;david decotigny
torvalds/linux;David Decotigny;david decotigny
torvalds/linux;Figo.zhang;figo.zhang
torvalds/linux;Soren Brinkmann;S√∂ren Brinkmann
torvalds/linux;Yan, Zheng;Yan Zheng
torvalds/linux;CHENG Renquan;Cheng Renquan
torvalds/linux;liubo;Liu Bo
torvalds/linux;liubo;Liu Bo
torvalds/linux;Xiaolong Chen;Xiaolong CHEN